+++
date = "2016-06-01"
title = "NORTH HERTFORDSHIRE DISTRICT COUNCIL – JUNE UPDATE"
menu = "main"
+++

**NORTH HERTFORDSHIRE DISTRICT COUNCIL – JUNE UPDATE**

**Welcome to Steve Deakin-Davies, New NHDC Councillor for Knebworth**

Following the local election for one of the NHDC seats for Knebworth
ward in May, Steve Deakin-Davies was elected as a councillor. Steve
enjoys living in Knebworth together with his partner and children, and
has lived here for over 14 years having lived nearby previously for a
similar length of time. Steve had previously been a Parish Councillor,
and has been involved in a wide range of community activities, most
recently with the Knebworth Festival when he ran a video and live
performance night showcasing local talent. Steve is interested in
helping young people get a start in life as entrepreneurs, and works as
a lecturer and mentor at the University of Hertfordshire, helping set up
and develop a range of businesses. Steve also has an interest in health
matters, and previously work as a nurse at the Lister Hospital.

Please contact Steve using the contact details below.

**NHDC New Civic Year**

The civic year for NHDC runs from May, following the local elections in
Knebworth ward and a number of other NHDC seats. The new council will
therefore have a different composition to the year just ended.

The Annual Meeting of the NHDC Council on 19th May is the first meeting
of the new year, and includes appointment onto the various committees
that make up the District Council, and the chairs and vice-chairs of the
committee. Both Steve Deakin-Davies and I will be on the Southern Rural
Committee, as this is the one that deals with matters relating to the
villages in the south of the district, and will advise on which other(s)
we will individually be on next month once the annual meeting has been
held.

June will be a month with many activities, including the Knebworth
Festival, and I am looking forward to going along to some of the events
and will no doubt see some of you there.

Please contact your NHDC councillors if you would like to discuss these
or any other matters:

**Steve Hemingway, steve@stevehemingway.com or phone 01438 940594
(please include STD code when dialling)**

**Steve Deakin-Davies, stevedeakindavies@gmail.com or phone 07949 435435
**

Or be in touch directly with your County Councillor Richard Thake or
your Member of Parliament Stephen McPartland:

  - > Richard Thake, Herts County Council:
    > richard.thake@hertfordshire.gov.uk, 07973 157605

  - > Stephen McPartland MP: stephen@stephenmcpartland.co.uk, Stephen
    > McPartland MP, House of Commons, Westminster, London, SW1A 0AA
